Illuminance: add conditions (Labs feature) (#45681)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_conditions/illuminance.is_value.markdown

        - If you don't have a number helper, you can create one by selecting **Create a new number helper**.
7. Under **Condition passes if** (see [Behavior](#behavior-with-multiple-targets)), pick **Any** or **All**.
8. Under **For at least**, set how long the reading must meet the threshold before the condition passes.
9. Select **Save**.

### Options in the UI

{% options_ui %}
Threshold type:
  description: |
    The light level the entity has to meet for the condition to pass. **Above** and **Below** are exclusive: a reading equal to the threshold does not pass. **In range** is exclusive at both bounds. **Outside range** is inclusive: a reading equal to either bound passes. Choose **Number** to enter a fixed value in lux, or **Entity** to use a sensor or number helper as a dynamic threshold.
Condition passes if:
  description: |
    When multiple entities are targeted, controls how results combine:

    - **Any**: The condition passes if at least one targeted entity meets the threshold (default).
    - **All**: The condition passes only when every targeted entity meets the threshold.
For at least:

>   description: How long the reading must meet the threshold before the condition passes. The default is `0` hours, `00` minutes and `00` seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: How long the reading must meet the threshold before the condition passes. The default is `0` (passes immediately).
```
